In this lecture we will learn about the text properties that CSSA allows us to animate these properties
or text decoration text indent and text shadow.
Let's create the text that we will use in our animation.
We will animate the text decoration property to alternate between an underline an over line for our
text then we will add an opening and closing style tag.
We will specify the animation property for a paragraph tag the name of our animation will be text and
the duration will be two seconds and we will set our animation to loop.
After that we will write the code for the animation itself.
We will add keyframes at 0 percent 25 percent 50 percent 75 percent and 100 percent at keyframes 0 percent
50 percent and 100 percent the text decoration property will be set to a value of underline at keyframes
25 percent and 75 percent the text declaration property will be set to a value of over long.
When we run our code in the web browser you can see that the text toggles between being underlined an
overlay and thanks to our animation
in the next lecture we will learn about the column properties that CSSA allows us to animate.